I didn't make any of the mods included in the pack!

Mods included
Some details of my mod pack.

The mods included are as following:
J1mB0's Crosshair Mod & XVM Config
Session Stats
Color Messages
Damage Panel int centered and vanilla
XVM Mod
Active Dossier Uploader
Multilined TankCarousel by 4lCapwn and CS2001
Radial Menu
SafeShot
6thsense-audio
SpotMessanger
zoom-mod-128 (Server reticle isn't working yet)
Received Damage Announcer
Botdetect
Permanent channels
AutoEquip
What is not yet included yet:
Permanent Serverside Reticle mod
Serverside Reticle mod - gun_marker_blue_ultraSlimWhite.dds
Circle15mod
Mods configuration
I've changed a lot of the default configurations of the various mods, so this is sort of an overview of those changes.

XVM
The changes made to the XVM configuration are:

Enabled latency (ping) tests.
Hiding tutorial.
Reformatted player lists to put emphasis on players' WN8 rather than EFF. (EFF is so 2012).
Enabled hit log
Enabled win chance
Redefined colors such as WR, WN & EFF so that the color codes are based on the thresholds from wiki.wnefficiency.net Color scale, and WOT-News respectively.
When you press ALT you see the name of the player in the color of the players WN8 rating.
Platoon mates damage to enemies is colored dark yellow, and when they receive damage it's colored magenta (because real men don't say 'pink'!).
Minimap shows a red line with dots where the camera points to.
Minimap shows a circle around the tank to indicate proximity spotting range.
SixSense? icon is familiar face
Preconfigured contour icons to use two different directories (under res_mods\xvm\res\contours\ you have ally, and enemy)
NB Remember you need to sign up at http://www.modxvm.com/en/, and click on Activate before you can see statistics in XVM.

SpotMessanger? (yeah I know its spelled wrong, but it is done so by the author)
The SpotMessanger? mod is disabled by default, so that you don't spam the chat in random battles. You enable it by pressing

<f11>
. (Which is helpful at CW)
Session Stats
The colors (WR, WN8 etc) are based on wiki.wnefficiency.net Color scale. Removed all WN6, and WN7 ratings. Only WN8 is valid these days Removed ratings from daily session stat, and only left ratings in the global stat. Configured global stats to be reset every day at 6 AM. (In effect turning ratings in global stat into daily stats. If you want to see global stats goto WotLabs? ...)

ADU (ActiveDossierUploader?)
The installer will add a link to ADU to your Start Menu\Programs\Startup folder.

A plea for vBAddict
I want to encourage people to use vBAddict as it analyses your replays, and WoT dossier, thus generating a WN8D (WN8 dossier) rating rather than a WN8A (WN8 API) rating which is less detailed than WN8D. Also it allows you to share the individual WN8 rating for each tank, that you've driven, and how its configured in regards to equipment, and crew skills etc. This means that you can also compare this with how other people configure their tanks, and how unicums configure their tanks. So its a very useful sites with far more informations that the ones that I've just highlighted here.

Received Damage Announcer
I've removed the reload time information, as well as the name of the player who shot you. Otherwise its not allowed to use this mod.
